src/content/text/rats.mdx, before:

---
title: Oh Boy!
date: 2025-04-07
startIcon: false
---

_♫ Sung roughly to the tune of the Beatles’ “A Day in the Life”._

I saw a rat today, oh boy!\
With in its paws a bit of bread to save\
And though its eyes were rather vile\
Well I just had to smile\
This park is full of life

And then another one, oh boy\
It leaps upon the first to scrap the knave\
And soon there’s blood upon the ground\
This world is rat eat rat\
Nobody is really sure of what they’ve got until its gone

Now there’s a thousand rats, oh boy\
Come from the bushes like a tidal wave\
The king of rats is on his way\
He stands atop the horde\
And waves a toenail sword

The word is only rats

_♫ Anxiety-inducing musical interlude_

Got up, and ran away\
Gotta keep the rats at bay\
Found my way down to the water’s edge\
And saw more rats, crawling wet out of the lake

Turned around and booked it back\
Into the woods, and saw a rat\
There were rats above and underfoot\
And I tripped on a rat, and I fell into the rats

_♫ Aaah, aaa aahh ahh, etc, etc_

_𝄢 The horns awaken_

I saw a rat today, oh boy\
Feels like an omen from beyond the grave\
Like I was stuck in Plato’s cave\
And now I can see\
Just how many rats are hiding in between the twigs and leaves

I have to leave this park

_♫ Anxiety-inducing outro_

Commit message:

Rats end icon and tense change

src/content/text/rats.mdx, after:

---
title: Oh Boy!
date: 2025-04-07
startIcon: false
endIcon: false
---

_♫ Sung roughly to the tune of the Beatles’ “A Day in the Life”._

I saw a rat today, oh boy!\
With in its paws a bit of bread to save\
And though its eyes were rather vile\
Well I just had to smile\
This park is full of life

And then another one, oh boy\
It leapt upon the first to scrap the knave\
There soon was blood upon the ground\
This world is rat eat rat\
Nobody is really sure of what they’ve got until its gone

Now there’s a thousand rats, oh boy\
Come from the bushes like a tidal wave\
The king of rats is on his way\
He stands atop the horde\
And waves a toenail sword

The word is only rats

_♫ Anxiety-inducing musical interlude_

Got up, and ran away\
Gotta keep the rats at bay\
Found my way down to the water’s edge\
And saw more rats, crawling wet out of the lake

Turned around and booked it back\
Into the woods, and saw a rat\
There were rats above and underfoot\
And I tripped on a rat, and I fell into the rats

_♫ Aaah, aaa aahh ahh, etc, etc_

_𝄢 The horns awaken_

I saw a rat today, oh boy\
Feels like an omen from beyond the grave\
Like I was stuck in Plato’s cave\
And now I can see\
Just how many rats are hiding in between the twigs and leaves

I have to leave this park

_♫ Anxiety-inducing outro_
